Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
[FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING]
DANNY:
What are you doing?
Who are you?
Where the hell are my parents?
DANNY:
What are you doing?
Who are you?
MAN 2:
Get dressed!
DANNY:
What are you doing?
Who are you?
[GASPS]
Why are you doing this?
I wasn't going to do it!
We're trying to help
you. Danny.
Why are you doing this?
I wasn't going to do it!
Here's a list of allergies
and things he can't eat.
Why are you doing this?
I wasn't going to do it!
[DANNY GRUNTING]
Why are you doing this?
I wasn't going to do it!
[DOOR CLOSING]
[♪♪♪]
♪ What may I ask
Is never enough ♪
♪ It's never too sweet ♪
♪ What may I ask
Is never enough ♪
Crystal Kid. Excellent.
Excuse me.
♪ What may I ask
Is never enough ♪
Can I help you?
Uh-huh.
♪ What may I ask
Is never enough ♪
I was in here last week.
I bought this.
♪ What may I ask
Is never enough ♪
You said it was new. When
I opened it. it was scratched.
♪ What may I ask
Is never enough ♪
Well. if it was sealed when you
bought it then it should be--
♪ What may I ask
Is never enough ♪
You probably shrink-wrapped
it yourself. you needle-dick!
♪ What may I ask
Is never enough ♪
This place
is a fraud. okay?
You don't want to buy
anything here.
This place
is a fraud. okay?
I'm a little upset.
Take the register.
This place
is a fraud. okay?
Think about it.
honestly.
This place
is a fraud. okay?
Three times in one week--
This place
is a fraud. okay?
That's enough.
This way. Let's go.
This place
is a fraud. okay?
[GIRL LAUGHING]
Needle-dick?
Shut up.
Like you didn't like it.
Needle-dick?
Shut up.
Maybe for two seconds.
but I work here.
Needle-dick?
Shut up.
I need this job.
Mm-hm.
Needle-dick?
Shut up.
Um. so are you coming to
Liddy's party tonight?
Needle-dick?
Shut up.
I don't think so.
Well. I'll be there.
Needle-dick?
Shut up.
It'll be fun.
All right.
Needle-dick?
Shut up.
I'll meet you there at.
what? 9:00.
Needle-dick?
Shut up.
Okay. Bye.
Bye.
Needle-dick?
Shut up.
Another satisfied customer.
[ROCK MUSIC PLAYING]
[MUSIC PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS]
[GRUNTING]
Mm. I'm going to pay
for this all week.
Ladies. ta-da!
Mm. I'm going to pay
for this all week.
[APPLAUDING]
Mm. I'm going to pay
for this all week.
[CHATTERING]
Mm. I'm going to pay
for this all week.
[WOMAN LAUGHING]
Mm. I'm going to pay
for this all week.
MAN 1:
Okay. who's drinking what?
Mm. I'm going to pay
for this all week.
MAN 2:
I'll have a scotch. please.
Mm. I'm going to pay
for this all week.
[SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY]
Mm. I'm going to pay
for this all week.
MAN 3:
Listen. the three strikes
law works.
Drugs are a plague on society.
MAN 3:
Listen. the three strikes
law works.
If you can keep the criminals
off the streets.
MAN 3:
Listen. the three strikes
law works.
it's good for everyone.
Amen to that.
MAN 3:
Listen. the three strikes
law works.
You know there were 2 million
incarcerations last year?
MAN 3:
Listen. the three strikes
law works.
We've got to be doing
something right.
MAN 3:
Listen. the three strikes
law works.
Um. excuse me.
Karl.
MAN 3:
Listen. the three strikes
law works.
How many strikes
am I up to now?
MAN 3:
Listen. the three strikes
law works.
Is there something you want.
Sophie?
MAN 3:
Listen. the three strikes
law works.
You know. what concerns
me more than drugs
MAN 3:
Listen. the three strikes
law works.
is the plague of corrupt
politicians.
MAN 3:
Listen. the three strikes
law works.
Were you looking
for this. Karl?
No?
Sorry. everyone.
Were you looking
for this. Karl?
Mom?
Anyone?
Were you looking
for this. Karl?
Hasn't been herself lately.
Come with me. honey.
Were you looking
for this. Karl?
I don't understand why you
have to search my room
Were you looking
for this. Karl?
every single time--
Sophie. that is enough!
Were you looking
for this. Karl?
What? No?
Were you looking
for this. Karl?
What is wrong with you?
Were you looking
for this. Karl?
What. Karl? Huh?
Were you looking
for this. Karl?
Three strikes
and I'm out?
Were you looking
for this. Karl?
You ran out of strikes
a long time ago. lady.
[ROCK MUSIC PLAYING
OVER SPEAKERS]
Hey. where's Sophie?
Uh. late.
♪ I want to love you
In my room ♪
♪ I want to take off
All your clothes ♪
♪ I want to love you
In my room ♪
♪ I want to see you
In the daytime ♪
♪ I want to love you
In my room ♪
♪ I want to see you
♪ I want to love you
In my room ♪
[LAUGHING]
♪ I want to love you
In my room ♪
♪ I want to have you
In sunshine ♪
♪ I want to love you
In my room ♪
♪ Between the blinds ♪
♪ I want to love you
In my room ♪
♪ So fine do it here
In the day time ♪
♪ I want to love you
In my room ♪
[MUMBLING]
What. what?
Oh. okay.
[MUMBLING]
I'm sorry.
It's okay.
[MUMBLING]
It's torture.
but I can wait.
[MUMBLING]
Oh. thanks.
What's this?
It's nothing.
What is it?
Nothing. I swear.
What's this?
It's nothing.
It's just. uh...
What's this?
It's nothing.
Karl and my mom just
raided my room again.
What's this?
It's nothing.
It got a little heated.
that's all.
What's this?
It's nothing.
You like to mess with him.
don't you?
What's this?
It's nothing.
No.
No. I don't.
What's this?
It's nothing.
Would you do something
for me?
Yeah. sure.
Anything. What?
Would you do something
for me?
Marry me.
Heh. yeah. okay.
This must be good weed.
No. no. no. no.
Look at me.
Heh. yeah. okay.
This must be good weed.
Seriously.
Heh. yeah. okay.
This must be good weed.
I looked into this.
Heh. yeah. okay.
This must be good weed.
I don't have to be 18 to be
legally married in Nevada.
Heh. yeah. okay.
This must be good weed.
I can finally get away
from Karl
Heh. yeah. okay.
This must be good weed.
and my mom and you and I can
just be together. Please?
Heh. yeah. okay.
This must be good weed.
Uh. okay. my dad left us
a trust fund. okay?
Heh. yeah. okay.
This must be good weed.
We can use it
while you go to college--
Heh. yeah. okay.
This must be good weed.
Whoa. slow down.
slow down.
Heh. yeah. okay.
This must be good weed.
You don't want
to marry me?
It's not that
I don't want to marry you.
You don't want
to marry me?
Ugh. okay. if we ever
do get married.
You don't want
to marry me?
it can't be for legal reasons.
It's got to be just about us.
You don't want
to marry me?
You know.
like. you. me. love.
You don't want
to marry me?
Heh. okay.
You don't want
to marry me?
MAN:
Sophie Bauer?
Who the hell are you? Hey!
We have parental consent
to take you.
Who the hell are you? Hey!
Get off me!
Consent. my ass!
Get off of me!
We can do this the easy
way or the hard way!
Consent. my ass!
Get off of me!
SOPHIE: Ben!
BEN: Sophie!
Consent. my ass!
Get off of me!
Ben!
Okay. kid. you asked for it.
Consent. my ass!
Get off of me!
SOPHIE: Ben!
BEN: Sophie!
She needed help. Ben.
Where the hell is she?
She's away.
and no one can see her.
She needed help. Ben.
Where the hell is she?
For how long?
Perhaps a year.
She needed help. Ben.
Where the hell is she?
It's part of the program.
She needed help. Ben.
Where the hell is she?
A year? The program?
Your own daughter?
She needed help. Ben.
Where the hell is she?
What have you done?
She needed help. Ben.
Where the hell is she?
She was hurting herself.
Destroying our family.
She needed help. Ben.
Where the hell is she?
It had to stop.
She needed help. Ben.
Where the hell is she?
Your wasting your time
and ours.
She needed help. Ben.
Where the hell is she?
Why don't you just go?
Screw you.
She needed help. Ben.
Where the hell is she?
I told her to take it easy
on you. but she was right.
She needed help. Ben.
Where the hell is she?
You're a prick.
All right. kid.
I'm calling the police
You're a prick.
if you're not off this property
in 20 seconds.
You're a prick.
Is this really
what you want?
[♪♪♪]
SOPHIE:
Hey! Where are you taking us?
Hey!
Hello!
They won't answer you.
Hey!
Where are we?
Fiji.
Where the hell is Fiji?
Oh. fuck!
Fiji.
Oh. oh. oh!
[COUGHING]
Hey!
It'll be all right.
Let's go!
Everybody get off the boat.
Hurry!
It'll be all right.
Let's go!
Move it!
Okay!
Let's go. let's go!
Let go of me.
Move it!
Okay!
Let's go. let's go!
Move it!
Okay!
Come on!
Come on. get up!
[♪♪♪]
Ow! Goddamn-- Get off!
Bitch!
You dick!
Come on!
[CHIRPING]
Come on. let's go!
Move it!
Wilcox. Jack. Portland.
Excuse me.
why are we even standing--
Wilcox. Jack. Portland.
Is your name Jack?
No.
Wilcox. Jack. Portland.
Then shut up!
Wilcox. Jack!
Wilcox. Jack. Portland.
Cold turkey's on
the menu here. boy.
Hope you got an appetite.
Cold turkey's on
the menu here. boy.
Randall. Daniel. Chicago.
Quiet type. huh?
Bauer. Sophie. Denver.
Okay. since you know who
we are. who the fuck. argh!
Get off of me!
My name's Logan.
Okay. since you know who
we are. who the fuck. argh!
I'm in charge
of security here.
Okay. since you know who
we are. who the fuck. argh!
You'll come to appreciate
me in due time.
Okay. since you know who
we are. who the fuck. argh!
This isn't a prison camp.
You'll notice that there
are no walls here.
This isn't a prison camp.
We don't need them.
If you leave the perimeter.
your sensors will tell us.
And if you think you can swim
for it. take a look around.
If you leave the perimeter.
your sensors will tell us.
You're on an island.
surrounded by ocean.
If you leave the perimeter.
your sensors will tell us.
surrounded by more ocean.
If you leave the perimeter.
your sensors will tell us.
And if the undertow doesn't
get you. the sharks will.
If you leave the perimeter.
your sensors will tell us.
Take off any jewelry
or personal belongings.
If you leave the perimeter.
your sensors will tell us.
Let's go!
If you leave the perimeter.
your sensors will tell us.
You'll get it back.
Well. now we're gonna
educate you
on how to be strong and
how to follow the rules.
Well. now we're gonna
educate you
The faster you learn.
the sooner you can go home.
Well. now we're gonna
educate you
In the meantime.
enjoy your stay.
Oh. my God! What the fuck?
You're kidding. right?
I mean. we can't stay out
here all night!
Oh. my God! What the fuck?
You're kidding. right?
You a good swimmer. Jack?
Oh. my God! What the fuck?
You're kidding. right?
[SCREAMING]
Oh. my God! What the fuck?
You're kidding. right?
[ALL SCREAMING]
[♪♪♪]
[GASPS]
Each morning
when the sun rises.
[GASPS]
this land is the first place
on Earth
[GASPS]
to receive
its rejuvenating rays.
[GASPS]
We are truly blessed. and for
that we should give thanks.
[GASPS]
I'm Dr. Arthur Hail.
founder and director
of Camp Serenity.
[GASPS]
Please come and join me.
Faggot.
[GASPS]
Jack. right?
[GROANING]
Jack. we don't allow
those kind of words
Jack. right?
within the camp
grounds.
Jack. right?
What grounds?
We're on a beach
in the middle
of fucking nowhere!
What grounds?
We're on a beach
It wasn't a very friendly
welcome!
What grounds?
We're on a beach
Chaining us to cement blocks
and nearly half-drowned!
What grounds?
We're on a beach
Each one of you have
emotionally. psychologically.
What grounds?
We're on a beach
and even physically kept
your parents chained
What grounds?
We're on a beach
to a block of concrete day
and night for years now.
What grounds?
We're on a beach
So we think it's only fair to
let our newcomers experience
What grounds?
We're on a beach
what it feels like to be
in your parents' shoes
What grounds?
We're on a beach
if only for one night.
What grounds?
We're on a beach
Come along now.
You can now count yourself
as proud members of ASAP.
Advanced Serenity
Achievement Program.
You can now count yourself
as proud members of ASAP.
created by me
to help troubled teens
You can now count yourself
as proud members of ASAP.
as yourself to avoid
the negative patterns
You can now count yourself
as proud members of ASAP.
in our society that can destroy
your ambitions. your education.
You can now count yourself
as proud members of ASAP.
your families
and their future.
You can now count yourself
as proud members of ASAP.
You sick freak!
What the hell
is this shit?
You sick freak!
Hey! You motherfucker!
What the-argh!
You sick freak!
Taste that. huh? Huh?
Argh!
You sick freak!
Go on. have a good taste!
Get up! Argh!
You're coming with me.
Here. in this beautiful.
serene environment.
You're coming with me.
those sensors
and these boundaries
You're coming with me.
symbolize a conflict
with the world.
You're coming with me.
You can have all the
freedom you want.
You're coming with me.
It's all here for you.
Accessible.
You're coming with me.
At the same time. it's all out
there. in your everyday world.
You're coming with me.
The program requires
discipline. dedication.
You're coming with me.
and some hard work.
As young Jack just displayed.
You're coming with me.
some of my new admissions can't
help but to give into rage.
You're coming with me.
We're not here to deny
your feelings.
You're coming with me.
rather to explore
and examine them
You're coming with me.
and hopefully express them
in a more constructive manner.
You're coming with me.
And I will help each one of you
to achieve your goals.
You're coming with me.
This is where our adventure
begins.
And here we have Ellen.
one of our finest members.
This is where our adventure
begins.
She will get you settled in.
Follow me.
This is where our adventure
begins.
Everyone starts
as a black shirt.
It symbolizes your confused
emotional state.
Everyone starts
as a black shirt.
As you work the program.
you progress.
Everyone starts
as a black shirt.
first to yellow.
and then to white like me.
Everyone starts
as a black shirt.
If you work the program.
it will work for you.
Everyone starts
as a black shirt.
The program must have really
worked for you.
Everyone starts
as a black shirt.
Hey. how did they suck you in?
Everyone starts
as a black shirt.
Bribed by Twinkies?
I'm going home
in two months.
The only way
you're gonna to get of here
I'm going home
in two months.
is with a white shirt and a
smaller chip on your shoulder.
I'm going home
in two months.
Let's go.
Have a seat. Wilcox.
Argh!
Trina!
Have a seat. Wilcox.
Done!
Show Sophie your space.
Randall! Inside.
Done!
Show Sophie your space.
You okay?
[♪♪♪]
Our world isn't exactly designed
for your comfort. you know?
It's either this. the floor. or
the cement blocks on the beach.
Our world isn't exactly designed
for your comfort. you know?
Hurry up.
Come on. Let's go.
Our world isn't exactly designed
for your comfort. you know?
Come on.
Our world isn't exactly designed
for your comfort. you know?
It's weird. huh?
Our world isn't exactly designed
for your comfort. you know?
Looking at those clothes
and thinking about the ones
Our world isn't exactly designed
for your comfort. you know?
you used to wear back
in your neighborhood?
Our world isn't exactly designed
for your comfort. you know?
I had some real nice stuff.
Our world isn't exactly designed
for your comfort. you know?
But now it's just the same
old shit every day.
Our world isn't exactly designed
for your comfort. you know?
Well. I highly doubt
she came here
Our world isn't exactly designed
for your comfort. you know?
in a hot little
party dress.
Our world isn't exactly designed
for your comfort. you know?
No. Sweat suit and about
30 pounds heavier.
Our world isn't exactly designed
for your comfort. you know?
Like a real fat-ass.
Our world isn't exactly designed
for your comfort. you know?
Skinny little bitches
like you
Our world isn't exactly designed
for your comfort. you know?
used to make fun of me
all the time.
Our world isn't exactly designed
for your comfort. you know?
So I was a cutter.
Our world isn't exactly designed
for your comfort. you know?
No one makes fun
of me anymore.
So who's our new arrival?
No one makes fun
of me anymore.
Miss Hail.
this is Sophie Bauer.
No one makes fun
of me anymore.
Welcome. Sophie.
No one makes fun
of me anymore.
Hail?
Dr. Hail's sister.
Let's get you ready
for your BCS.
BCS?
Body cavity search.
Let's get you ready
for your BCS.
Just in case
you're concealing any Twinkies.
Let's get you ready
for your BCS.
Sorry for being so late. Ben.
Thanks for coming.
Thank you.
Mrs. Bauer.
Sorry for being so late. Ben.
Thanks for coming.
Have you heard from her?
No.
But you've got to stop
calling the house.
Have you heard from her?
No.
Is that why you asked
me here?
Have you heard from her?
No.
It won't do you any good.
Have you heard from her?
No.
If you care about my daughter.
you won't pursue this.
Have you heard from her?
No.
I don't believe
this is what you wanted.
Have you heard from her?
No.
I can appreciate your feelings.
but I know what's best for her.
Have you heard from her?
No.
Do you know
how much she needs you?
Have you heard from her?
No.
Ever since her father died.
you're all she has.
Have you heard from her?
No.
Me?
Yeah.
Maybe
it's not my place to say.
Yeah.
but she thinks you
don't care.
Yeah.
That the only thing that
matters to you is this Karl.
Yeah.
You're right. Ben.
It's not your place.
Yeah.
Mrs. Bauer.
she means so much to me.
Is she at least safe?
There's a camp.
Serenity something-or-another.
Is she at least safe?
It's in the South Pacific.
They're gonna
help her. Ben.
Thank you.
[♪♪♪]
♪ Really too late to call ♪
♪ So we wait for ♪
♪ Morning to wake you
It's all we got ♪
♪ To know me as hardly golden ♪
Marry me.
♪ Is to know me all wrong ♪
♪ At every occasion
I'll be ready for a funeral ♪
So. what?
They don't work?
They're just making sure
we don't steal shit.
So. what?
They don't work?
Hmm.
So. what?
They don't work?
So the inmates
are running this. huh?
So. what?
They don't work?
Hail gives them
a little more power.
a little more freedom.
extra food.
Hail gives them
a little more power.
It seems to work.
Hail gives them
a little more power.
Yeah. I don't know.
Hail gives them
a little more power.
I think
I'd rather be hungry.
Hail gives them
a little more power.
Thanks. though.
Hail gives them
a little more power.
Jesus Christ.
How can they get away
with this?
Jesus Christ.
I don't want to do this.
A clear conscience
is to your soul
I don't want to do this.
what good health
is to your body.
I don't want to do this.
You agree?
Trina's been with us
for six weeks now.
She's from New York.
Trina's been with us
for six weeks now.
This is her first session.
Trina's been with us
for six weeks now.
So give her your support.
Trina's been with us
for six weeks now.
[APPLAUDING]
Trina's been with us
for six weeks now.
Why are you here. Trina?
I don't know.
She don't know.
So you have nothing
to tell us?
She don't know.
You can tell us why you're
here. can't you?
She don't know.
You have nothing to confess.
nothing to say?
She don't know.
No?
You can say it out loud.
You can say it to us.
Come clean. Just say it.
No?
You can say it out loud.
I don't know. sir.
Honestly.
No?
You can say it out loud.
I'm very disappointed in you.
Trina.
I thought it was time for you
to advance.
I'm very disappointed in you.
Trina.
ALL [IN UNISON]:
Me! Me! Me...
Gildner! Foster!
Madison!
Murphy!
[BREATHES HEAVILY]
You sucked dick for money.
didn't you?
[BREATHES HEAVILY]
To buy drugs. you sucked dick.
didn't you? Didn't you?
[BREATHES HEAVILY]
That's all you are.
a filthy whore.
[BREATHES HEAVILY]
A little junkie whore!
You stole. didn't you?
[BREATHES HEAVILY]
Did you steal
from your mother?
[BREATHES HEAVILY]
No!
Bitch! Did you?
[BREATHES HEAVILY]
You turned their
life into hell!
[BREATHES HEAVILY]
Bitch!
Junkie!
[BREATHES HEAVILY]
[SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY]
No! Stop!
[PANTING]
You go live with my parents!
With their religious
Jesus bullshit!
You go live with my parents!
Their Bible
and their curfews!
You go live with my parents!
I couldn't take it anymore!
I just couldn't!
You go live with my parents!
I made a bet with my friends.
you know.
See who could do
the most guys. That night.
I made a bet with my friends.
you know.
And I went for it.
I really went for it.
I slept with
seven. seven or eight.
And every time. I wished that
they could see me.
And it made me feel
so damn good
And every time. I wished that
they could see me.
to see how much
it would hurt them.
And every time. I wished that
they could see me.
[CRYING]
And every time. I wished that
they could see me.
I'm sorry. okay?
I'm sorry.
We love you. Trina.
We love you.
Our Father. who art in
Heaven hallowed be Thy name.
Thy kingdom come.
Thy will be done.
Our Father. who art in
Heaven hallowed be Thy name.
on Earth as it is in Heaven.
Our Father. who art in
Heaven hallowed be Thy name.
Give us this day
our daily bread
Our Father. who art in
Heaven hallowed be Thy name.
and forgive us
our trespasses
Our Father. who art in
Heaven hallowed be Thy name.
as we forgive those who
trespass against us...
Our Father. who art in
Heaven hallowed be Thy name.
[♪♪♪]
Our Father. who art in
Heaven hallowed be Thy name.
God. give us the serenity
to accept what we cannot change.
the courage to change
what should be changed.
God. give us the serenity
to accept what we cannot change.
and the wisdom
to know the difference.
God. give us the serenity
to accept what we cannot change.
Hook me up.
[KNOCKS ON DOOR]
Hey. Ben?
You pick up Dad's cleaning?
Hook me up.
I forgot. I'm busy.
[THUNDER RUMBLING]
Hey. what's
all the excitement?
It's chicken. Once a month.
Hey. what's
all the excitement?
But there won't be any
left for us.
Hey. what's
all the excitement?
Oh. Trina.
Trina. Trina.
It's just a piece
of chicken. Logan.
You know the rules here.
Right?
Why should you get
an extra piece of chicken
Right?
and no one else?
What makes you so goddamn
special?
I'm not special.
What makes you so goddamn
special?
You know that this could
keep you a black shirt
forever?
I can't.
keep you a black shirt
forever?
I was ready to recommend
that we move you up.
Unless...
Unless. of course.
you want to make a deal.
Unless...
Hmm?
I can't. Please.
Please. No.
Hmm?
I can't. Please.
It's terrible out there.
Oh. it's not so bad.
[ALL SHOUTING]
Get out!
Look at them.
the way they react.
Shouldn't we help them?
Look at them.
the way they react.
Be my guest.
Look at them.
the way they react.
Let's all move inside!
SOPHIE:
Trina's still in there!
Trina! Trina. come on!
Get up!
Girls. here! Now!
[CLEARS THROAT]
I'm in charge of work
detail today.
[CLEARS THROAT]
We're rebuilding these tents.
What about the boys?
Hey. it ain't my logic.
We're rebuilding these tents.
We just do the work
and get it done. That's it.
We're rebuilding these tents.
All right! Let's go!
Come on!
Excuse me.
[♪♪♪]
Come on!
Take the bottom!
Okay. now take the back.
Okay. pick it up.
Pick it up!
[SIGHS]
What are you doing?
Resting.
[SIGHS]
Get up! Get going!
SOPHIE:
Trina. I'm tired. okay?
[SIGHS]
Trina. please just stop.
I get it. okay?
Just let me rest.
[SIGHS]
TRINA:
You're not the only one
who's tired. Here. Get up!
[SIGHS]
SOPHIE:
Please just let me rest
for one second.
[SIGHS]
TRINA:
Get up. rich girl! Get up!
Keep going!
[SIGHS]
I'm really. really tired.
Look. if you don't work.
we all get punished.
[SIGHS]
We have to learn
to work together.
[SIGHS]
Don't make me do this.
Go ahead.
Too soon.
I don't think so.
Come on.
Too soon.
I don't think so.
[GROANING]
[SOPHIE GASPS]
Come on! Kick her!
[SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY]
[SOPHIE GASPS]
MISS HAIL:
Okay. so maybe I was wrong.
Every time we give these kids
the proper incentive.
MISS HAIL:
Okay. so maybe I was wrong.
they will rise
to the occasion.
MISS HAIL:
Okay. so maybe I was wrong.
How long have you been hooked?
BEN:
A couple months.
How long have you been hooked?
That girl out there.
she's in rough shape.
I'll be the judge of that.
That girl out there.
she's in rough shape.
Their files.
Sorry for the inconvenience.
With the storm.
we're rebuilding.
Their files.
HAIL:
I will never forget the day
I climbed on top
of that sand dune
HAIL:
I will never forget the day
and I saw this old. broken-down
service camp
HAIL:
I will never forget the day
for the first time.
HAIL:
I will never forget the day
Well. lucky me.
Just imagine.
if you hadn't.
Well. lucky me.
I'd be home
with my boyfriend right now.
Well. lucky me.
You see. all around us
is a protected area.
Well. lucky me.
The Fijians found an ancient
civilization here.
Well. lucky me.
A well-organized society.
Can you imagine?
[SIGHS]
[SCOFFS]
Cookies and milk?
Come on.
You've got to be kidding.
[SCOFFS]
Okay.
So. what's the big idea?
The idea?
I'll give you one cookie.
Okay.
In return. you open up
and tell me all your deep.
dark secrets.
Well. here's a deep.
dark secret for you. Doc.
I hate cookies.
All right. then.
Let's get started.
You hate cookies.
All right. then.
Let's get started.
you don't care about
ancient civilizations.
All right. then.
Let's get started.
you have a boyfriend back home.
and you hate your mother.
All right. then.
Let's get started.
No. I don't.
All right. then.
Let's get started.
She hates you.
All right. then.
Let's get started.
What loving mother
and father would send--
All right. then.
Let's get started.
My father's dead.
All right. then.
Let's get started.
Karl is not my father.
All right. then.
Let's get started.
What loving mother
All right. then.
Let's get started.
would sign over the care
All right. then.
Let's get started.
of her only daughter
to a monster like me?
All right. then.
Let's get started.
Okay. listen. Dr. Shrink.
I don't know what your game is.
but I'm not playing it.
Okay. listen. Dr. Shrink.
You may have
all these monkeys believing
Okay. listen. Dr. Shrink.
that you're some kind of
leader and healer
Okay. listen. Dr. Shrink.
of this grand
utopian society.
Okay. listen. Dr. Shrink.
but I have to tell you
something.
Okay. listen. Dr. Shrink.
I'm not buying it.
So you know what?
Have your milk.
Okay. listen. Dr. Shrink.
and I hope you choke
on your cookies.
Okay. listen. Dr. Shrink.
Roberts. Gibson.
Richards.
Hey. fuck-stick!
I'm talking to you.
You got something to say?
Let me tell you how things work
around here.
I'm talking to you.
You got something to say?
Jack. it's your time.
We're about to eat.
Well. enjoy your cookie.
Jack. it's your time.
We're about to eat.
Everyone else.
get your asses to dinner!
[♪♪♪]
Ben.
Look. I have so many things
I have to tell--
I know.
How did you get here?
They're going to help her.
Ben.
MAN:
Where is it. jackass?
They're going to help her.
Ben.
Henry. he's killing him!
Do something!
They're going to help her.
Ben.
You touch that phone.
he's dead.
They're going to help her.
Ben.
He's a maniac!
They're going to help her.
Ben.
MAN:
You better give me
that money by Monday!
They're going to help her.
Ben.
I'll handle it.
What do you owe money for?
It was the only way
to make them believe
I'll handle it.
this was all real.
You...
I'll handle it.
It's only saline solution.
I just burst a couple
of blood vessels.
It's only saline solution.
We're going to get out
of here.
All right?
Okay. Okay.
Move it! Back to camp!
Come on! Let's go!
Do you want to be strong?
ALL [IN UNISON]: Yes. sir!
Let's see some balls!
Come on! Let's go. ladies!
Do you want to be strong?
ALL [IN UNISON]: Yes. sir!
Come on. move it!
Come on. Richards!
Do you want to be strong?
ALL [IN UNISON]: Yes. sir!
What are you doing?
Get up!
Do you want to be strong?
ALL [IN UNISON]: Yes. sir!
Don't pussy out on me!
Do you want to be strong?
ALL [IN UNISON]: Yes. sir!
All right. ladies!
Do you want to be strong?
ALL [IN UNISON]:
Yes. sir!
All right. ladies!
Do you want to be strong?
Do you want to get off
this fucking island?
All right. ladies!
Do you want to be strong?
ALL [IN UNISON]:
Yes. sir!
All right. ladies!
Do you want to be strong?
Get in the water. ladies.
ALL [IN UNISON]: Yes. sir!
All right. ladies!
Do you want to be strong?
[WHISTLE BLOWS]
All right. ladies!
Do you want to be strong?
Let's go! Move it!
All right. ladies!
Do you want to be strong?
Come on. you little fishies!
All right. ladies!
Do you want to be strong?
[GASPING]
You all right?
[PANTING]
Get up!
[GRUNTS]
You're weak. Randall!
Head home. ladies!
Get up!
[♪♪♪]
I have an announcement
to make.
For her hard work
and team spirit.
I have an announcement
to make.
Trina has been awarded
a yellow shirt.
I have an announcement
to make.
You should all keep up
the good work.
It's the only way
to get home.
You should all keep up
the good work.
I'm very proud of you.
Trina.
[APPLAUDING]
[♪♪♪]
[KNOCKS ON DOOR]
MAN:
Stop jerking off!
Let's go!
[KNOCKS ON DOOR]
[APPLAUDING]
Go. Sophie!
Sophie's been with us
for over a month now.
You're wasting your time.
Sophie's been with us
for over a month now.
I got nothing to say.
Sophie's been with us
for over a month now.
That's fine.
Let me say a few words anyway.
Sophie's been with us
for over a month now.
Sophie's a young.
beautiful woman.
She's smart.
doesn't like cookies
Sophie's a young.
beautiful woman.
and she has
some unresolved issues
Sophie's a young.
beautiful woman.
with her dead father.
Would you like to tell us
about it?
with her dead father.
No?
Anybody else?
ALL [IN UNISON]:
Me! Me! Me...
Anybody else?
[SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY]
Foster!
Get up!
You little bitch!
She's a pathological liar.
You think you're better
than everyone else!
She's a pathological liar.
Tell them it's a lie!
Stupid liar!
Nobody loves you!
She's a pathological liar.
Stupid bitch!
You little bitch!
Get out! Get out now!
Get out of here now!
Say it. huh? Say it!
You think you're better
than everybody else. Don't you?
Say it. huh? Say it!
You know that!
Stop!
Say it. huh? Say it!
I'm sorry!
[CRYING]
Excuse me. I really want
to apologize for the scene
I caused earlier.
Excuse me. I really want
to apologize for the scene
I shouldn't have acted that way
in front of Karl and my mother.
Excuse me. I really want
to apologize for the scene
It's just. um.
that I've been
Excuse me. I really want
to apologize for the scene
in a highly agitated
emotional state.
Excuse me. I really want
to apologize for the scene
You see. ever since Karl
married my mom.
he's been coming into
my bedroom every night
You see. ever since Karl
married my mom.
forcing me to have sex
with him.
You see. ever since Karl
married my mom.
You little bitch!
Tell them it's a lie!
I lied. okay?
I lied.
I'm sorry.
[♪♪♪]
[GASPS]
Shh...
It's just me.
[GASPS]
I got a plan.
We're gonna get
out of here.
I got a plan.
There's no way out.
I got it all set up.
I got a plan.
Trust me.
Look. I lied. okay?
I fucking lied.
I got a plan.
I am ashamed and
I am humiliated.
I got a plan.
And if I didn't fuck up.
neither you nor I would--
I got a plan.
I don't care! Forget it!
We all make mistakes.
I got a plan.
I'm not going to make one
by letting you stay here.
I got a plan.
Hail said this is a good place.
Maybe it's the right place
for me.
Hail said this is a good place.
Forget Hail.
Okay.
Hail said this is a good place.
He doesn't know
what he's talking about.
Hail said this is a good place.
He's not a real doctor.
He got his PhD on the internet.
Hail said this is a good place.
Okay. okay.
I'm sorry. You're right.
I don't know. I'm sorry.
Hail said this is a good place.
I gotta go.
Sophie...
Hail said this is a good place.
Today I want you to write
an imaginary letter.
To who?
To you.
Today I want you to write
an imaginary letter.
From your parents.
Today I want you to write
an imaginary letter.
I want you to write the letter
you'd like to receive
Today I want you to write
an imaginary letter.
from your parents
if they could write to you here.
Today I want you to write
an imaginary letter.
What do you think
your parents would tell you?
Dig into your psyches.
It's a good exercise.
What do you think
your parents would tell you?
You better focus. unless
you want to stay here overnight.
What do you think
your parents would tell you?
Now!
What do you think
your parents would tell you?
MAN:
Let's go! Let's go!
[♪♪♪]
In two months.
it could be me on that boat.
I can't imagine being here
for two years.
It's like a lifetime.
I can't imagine being here
for two years.
You know what?
I can't imagine being here
for two years.
It's been the most important
and fulfilling
I can't imagine being here
for two years.
two years of my life.
I can't imagine being here
for two years.
Hut!
[GRUNTING]
Stay down. pretty boy.
Easy. Jack.
It's just touch.
Stay down. pretty boy.
Yeah.
You need to cool it.
Stay down. pretty boy.
You gonna cry now? Let's go.
Line up!
Stay down. pretty boy.
DANNY:
You want to piss off Jack?
Lateral it back to me.
then go long.
DANNY:
You want to piss off Jack?
Got it?
Got it.
DANNY:
You want to piss off Jack?
Okay. watch your man!
Yeah.
All right...
Watch him!
Okay. watch your man!
Yeah.
Go. Go. Go. Go.
[GRUNTS]
He's going deep!
Fuck!
Go. Go. Go. Go.
[ALARM BEEPING]
Get back in there!
Move!
[ALARM BEEPING]
1024 is cleared and secure.
MAN [OVER RADIO]:
10-4.
1024 is cleared and secure.
All right.
Let's play ball.
1024 is cleared and secure.
3-49! Hut! Hut!
[GRUNTING]
1024 is cleared and secure.
Too rough for you.
pretty boy?
What's wrong?
Can't breathe?
Too rough for you.
pretty boy?
Stay down.
Too rough for you.
pretty boy?
[GROANS]
Too rough for you.
pretty boy?
[COUGHING]
HAIL:
Nick is leaving us
after two years.
He's another great example
that our program
HAIL:
Nick is leaving us
after two years.
can reform even
the toughest case.
HAIL:
Nick is leaving us
after two years.
I'm so proud of him
and his achievements.
HAIL:
Nick is leaving us
after two years.
that I'm going to bring him
with me
HAIL:
Nick is leaving us
after two years.
to my seminar
is Los Angeles.
HAIL:
Nick is leaving us
after two years.
Are you ready to put
the past behind you
HAIL:
Nick is leaving us
after two years.
and forgive your parents?
Yes.
HAIL:
Nick is leaving us
after two years.
I thank you for that. sir.
HAIL:
Nick is leaving us
after two years.
I know exactly what to do
with my life now.
HAIL:
Nick is leaving us
after two years.
We have all given him
the tools
to achieve this great
leap forward.
We have all given him
the tools
[APPLAUDING]
We gotta get out of here.
Remember how you said
you had a plan?
We gotta get out of here.
Okay. I'll tell you when.
We should probably do it
when Hail's out of town.
We gotta get out of here.
"Dearest Danny.
If you get this letter.
it means it's a fake because we
would've never written to you.
"Dearest Danny.
If you get this letter.
not in a million years."
"Dearest Danny.
If you get this letter.
Yeah. I know. We're not getting
through to him. Not yet.
"Dearest Danny.
If you get this letter.
Next.
"Dearest Danny.
If you get this letter.
"My sweetest girl. I've been
dead for a few years now.
"Dearest Danny.
If you get this letter.
but I know you'd rather hear
from me than anyone living
"Dearest Danny.
If you get this letter.
because you know
that no matter what you do.
"Dearest Danny.
If you get this letter.
I'll always support you.
"Dearest Danny.
If you get this letter.
Don't judge your mother
too harshly.
"Dearest Danny.
If you get this letter.
She loves you dearly
and is doing her best."
"Dearest Danny.
If you get this letter.
Sounds like the beginning
of a breakthrough?
I don't think so.
Sounds like the beginning
of a breakthrough?
She's too smart a girl.
Sounds like the beginning
of a breakthrough?
Just trying to curry favor.
manipulate me somehow.
Sounds like the beginning
of a breakthrough?
You kind of set the program up
that way.
Thank you for the insight.
Rhonda.
I know how much you resent
the parents.
but most of them have
tried their best.
I know how much you resent
the parents.
Every time you go back. it
takes such a heavy toll on you.
What's the matter with you?
Every time you go back. it
takes such a heavy toll on you.
The seminars are a crucial part
of my program.
Every time you go back. it
takes such a heavy toll on you.
Educating the parents
Every time you go back. it
takes such a heavy toll on you.
is as vital as
educating the students.
Every time you go back. it
takes such a heavy toll on you.
Don't you forget.
I just worry.
Every time you go back. it
takes such a heavy toll on you.
[SIGHS]
Every time you go back. it
takes such a heavy toll on you.
The court cleared us.
you remember?
Every time you go back. it
takes such a heavy toll on you.
But if that girl hadn't died...
We wouldn't be here?
Every time you go back. it
takes such a heavy toll on you.
She did.
Every time you go back. it
takes such a heavy toll on you.
Just worry about
our children.
Every time you go back. it
takes such a heavy toll on you.
[♪♪♪]
Come on. come on.
BEN: We go tonight.
What?
I'll pick you up.
BEN: We go tonight.
What?
Let's go.
[WOMAN COUGHS]
[♪♪♪]
Where are we going?
The main island.
There's a resort.
Where are we going?
The main island.
[PEOPLE CHATTERING]
HAIL:
Please settle
into your seats.
No taking no notes. recording.
photographs. cellphones.
Thank you. and welcome.
No taking no notes. recording.
photographs. cellphones.
The Advanced Serenity
Achievement Program.
No taking no notes. recording.
photographs. cellphones.
created by me.
No taking no notes. recording.
photographs. cellphones.
was designed to give you
back your lives
No taking no notes. recording.
photographs. cellphones.
and to ensure a positive future
for your sons and daughters.
No taking no notes. recording.
photographs. cellphones.
And I'm very grateful.
No taking no notes. recording.
photographs. cellphones.
because you have trusted me
with your children.
No taking no notes. recording.
photographs. cellphones.
Now it's time to make sure
that you can be trusted
No taking no notes. recording.
photographs. cellphones.
when they return back home.
No taking no notes. recording.
photographs. cellphones.
You see. your children
work hard at Camp Serenity.
No taking no notes. recording.
photographs. cellphones.
But they can't return
to the same home environment
No taking no notes. recording.
photographs. cellphones.
from which they left.
No taking no notes. recording.
photographs. cellphones.
And it's important
you remember now
No taking no notes. recording.
photographs. cellphones.
that you share
equal responsibility
No taking no notes. recording.
photographs. cellphones.
for the state that they were in
when they first came to me.
No taking no notes. recording.
photographs. cellphones.
When did you first realize
that you couldn't trust Ben?
It was only
a short while ago.
When did you first realize
that you couldn't trust Ben?
Frankly. it came out
of nowhere.
When did you first realize
that you couldn't trust Ben?
That's why it was
so painful for us.
When did you first realize
that you couldn't trust Ben?
He told us that his girlfriend
dumped him.
When did you first realize
that you couldn't trust Ben?
Sophie.
MAN: That's right.
He took it real hard
Sophie.
MAN: That's right.
and before that. we never had
any problems.
Sophie.
MAN: That's right.
Ben convinced us your program
would help him.
Sophie.
MAN: That's right.
I understand.
[♪♪♪]
Come on!
What happened?
Ben!
Come on!
What happened?
Ben. what's going on?
[BEN GRUNTING]
Ben!
Ben. what's going on?
[♪♪♪]
Hang on!
[SOPHIE SCREAMS]
[SOPHIE CHUCKLES]
We have a reservation
under my name.
WOMAN:
Is room 14 ready?
Mm. Oh. my God!
Oh. you're a
fucking genius!
Mm. Oh. my God!
BEN:
Shh.
Mm. Oh. my God!
Uh. that's great.
That's absolutely perfect.
thank you.
Mm. Oh. my God!
Plane leaves
tomorrow morning.
What do you want to do
till then?
[SCOFFS]
What do you want to do
till then?
♪ Strange are the things ♪
♪ That draw me to you ♪
♪ Do me a favor ♪
♪ Once in a while ♪
[BOTH LAUGHING]
Young love...
What a wonderful sight.
Remember it.
[♪♪♪]
Welcome back.
[SOBBING]
HAIL:
Ben and Sophie
betrayed us all.
In the world
we live in.
HAIL:
Ben and Sophie
betrayed us all.
the actions of one person
affect the lives of others.
HAIL:
Ben and Sophie
betrayed us all.
It's time you understood
your responsibility
HAIL:
Ben and Sophie
betrayed us all.
towards other people.
HAIL:
Ben and Sophie
betrayed us all.
We will all have to pay for Ben
and Sophie's selfish behavior.
HAIL:
Ben and Sophie
betrayed us all.
So for the next three months.
no breakfast and no time off.
HAIL:
Ben and Sophie
betrayed us all.
You're dismissed.
Awesome.
I hate breakfast anyway.
You fucking
watch yourself.
Good morning. son.
HAIL:
Come on. Danny.
Save yourself.
Good morning. son.
From who?
I made a mistake.
Tsk tsk...
From who?
I made a mistake.
Why do I have to be held
responsible for my parents'
denial and paranoia?
Why do I have to be held
responsible for my parents'
Danny. you can't shift
the blame of your behavior.
Why do I have to be held
responsible for my parents'
I accept no blame.
I don't recognize my parents'
right to put me here.
I accept no blame.
I don't recognize
the legal system
I accept no blame.
that allows you to keep
me here until I'm 18.
I accept no blame.
And I certainly don't recognize
your fucking credentials!
I accept no blame.
[GRUNTS]
WOMAN:
Do you recognize you were going
to kill your family?
I accept no blame.
Parents. friends.
your teacher!
I accept no blame.
[ALL YELLING]
[DANNY CRYING]
[♪♪♪]
I would never murder
anyone.
I created a character
to piss off my parents.
You created your own world.
didn't you?
to piss off my parents.
A misunderstood doctor who
cares only for broken children?
Teach me.
Come on. Doctor!
Teach me. Doctor!
Teach me.
Show me
where I went wrong!
Teach me.
[GRUNTS]
[♪♪♪]
No!
All right. Romeo. Let's go.
Hail's waiting for you.
HAIL:
You weren't hard to find.
BEN: How's that?
It's a small island.
HAIL:
You weren't hard to find.
We knew you stole
that fishing boat.
HAIL:
You weren't hard to find.
Pretty stupid.
BEN: You didn't try to stop me.
HAIL:
You weren't hard to find.
What for?
What would you have learned?
HAIL:
You weren't hard to find.
No. you had to go
through it.
HAIL:
You weren't hard to find.
In order to end up back here?
Why did you come here. Ben?
HAIL:
You weren't hard to find.
I think by now
it's pretty obvious.
HAIL:
You weren't hard to find.
Love? Admirable.
HAIL:
You weren't hard to find.
But you decided
to express that love
HAIL:
You weren't hard to find.
by almost
drowning Sophie.
HAIL:
You weren't hard to find.
destroying whatever progress
you made so far.
HAIL:
You weren't hard to find.
subjecting her
to humiliation.
HAIL:
You weren't hard to find.
only to end up in your
present state of mind.
HAIL:
You weren't hard to find.
Was it worth it. Ben?
What?
HAIL:
You weren't hard to find.
Going through
this whole charade?
HAIL:
You weren't hard to find.
You sacrificed your relationship
with your own family
HAIL:
You weren't hard to find.
and you jeopardized the progress
of every kid in my program
HAIL:
You weren't hard to find.
just for your own
personal desire.
HAIL:
You weren't hard to find.
What now?
You going to send me home?
Yes.
What now?
You going to send me home?
No.
There's a plane leaving
the main island on Thursday.
No.
So in three days. I'll be free
of you. and you of us.
No.
If you step
out of line.
No.
I'm going to make
Sophie's life a living hell.
No.
[♪♪♪]
Hey...
What's wrong?
Nothing.
Ben...
Ben!
What if Hail's right?
Nothing.
Ben...
What are you
talking about?
Nothing.
Ben...
I shouldn't have come here.
It made things worse.
Nothing.
Ben...
What?
Nothing.
Ben...
I almost got
you killed out there.
We could've died.
So?
Hey. listen.
At least we tried. right?
We could've died.
So?
The only way
for you to survive here
is to be part
of the program.
The only way
for you to survive here
[♪♪♪]
Me?
What?
You just said the only way
for me to survive here...
What?
Ben! Ben. what is
this really about?
What?
He's sending me home.
Listen. you can't leave me
after all we've been through.
[SOBBING]
[GRUNTS]
Say you want me.
Say it.
Say it. Huh?
I've seen the way
you look at me.
Say it. Huh?
No.
Yeah.
Say it. Huh?
I know you want me.
No! We had a deal.
Say it. Huh?
Listen. I make the deals.
slut!
Say it. Huh?
No! Stop it! No!
No!
Say it. Huh?
Stop! No!
No!
Say it. Huh?
[CRYING]
[SCREAMING]
No!
Shut up.
Shut up!
No!
Shut up.
[LOGAN GRUNTING]
[TRINA CRYING]
Jesus. Trina.
what happened?
Get out of here!
Jesus Christ. Trina!
What happened to you?
No! Get out of here!
Get out of here!
Jesus Christ. Trina!
Leave me alone!
Get out of here!
Jesus Christ. Trina!
I swear on my
father's grave.
Get out of here!
Jesus Christ. Trina!
I won't say a word.
Get out of here!
Jesus Christ. Trina!
What happened?
Get out of here!
Jesus Christ. Trina!
[SOBBING]
Get out of here!
Jesus Christ. Trina!
He promised me
he'd help me if I...
He raped me. Sophie.
He raped me.
Oh. my God. Trina.
He raped me. Sophie.
Trina. I'm so sorry.
And now he's going to be the
asshole I remember forever.
Come on.
[♪♪♪]
LOGAN:
Number one!
ALL [IN UNISON]:
Obey the rules. sir!
LOGAN:
Number one!
Number two!
LOGAN:
Number one!
ALL [IN UNISON]:
Discipline. sir!
LOGAN:
Number one!
Number 3!
ALL [IN UNISON]:
Leadership. sir!
LOGAN:
Number 3!
All right.
you know the drill!
[GASPING]
Ben!
What are you doing.
Randall?
Let go of that buoy!
Come into shore now.
goddammit!
Let go of that buoy!
[WHISTLES]
What are you doing?
Where do you think
you're going?
What are you doing?
He's drowning!
He can't swim!
What are you doing?
Hang on.
I got him.
Come on. Danny!
Come on!
Get off him!
Get out of here! You don't know
what you're doing!
Come on!
Get off him!
Come on. breathe!
Breathe!
Come on!
Get off him!
Come on. Danny!
Come on!
Get off him!
You killed him.
You fucking killed him.
He was trying
to escape.
Of course he was.
No. he wasn't!
He was trying
to escape.
You killed him.
He couldn't fucking swim.
He was trying
to escape.
We all know that!
He was trying
to escape.
He was waiting
for his opportunity
He was trying
to escape.
and was going to
make a break for it.
He was trying
to escape.
You saw it!
I didn't fucking see him!
He was trying
to escape.
I tried to get to him!
You killed him!
He was trying
to escape.
He was trying to escape!
Don't you fucking defy me!
He was trying
to escape.
You back down unless you want
to spend two weeks
He was trying
to escape.
in that fucking hole!
He was trying
to escape.
[WHISTLING]
He was trying
to escape.
MAN: Yes. sir?
All right. let's take him back.
He drowned trying to escape.
MAN: Yes. sir?
All right. let's take him back.
You got him?
MAN: Yes. sir.
[♪♪♪]
What happened?
What's going on
over there?
I don't know.
Did you see?
You ruined everything that
I've been working towards.
There will be an investigation
and civil suits.
I don't see how I can keep you
on here. Logan.
You can't run this camp
without me.
I can do whatever I want.
You can't run this camp
without me.
Don't you think the US Army
would like to know
You can't run this camp
without me.
where you've been the
last couple of years?
You can't run this camp
without me.
One call. That's all.
You can't run this camp
without me.
So. what should
I tell them?
Who's that?
The kids.
My kids.
You see. they won't let us
get away with this.
My kids.
And I certainly
won't take a hit for you.
My kids.
What do you want me
to do. sir?
Don't say a word
until I tell you.
What do you want me
to do. sir?
That's all.
You're dismissed.
What do you want me
to do. sir?
Yes. sir.
What do you want me
to do. sir?
Not a word.
Why not?
You see
what's happening?
Not a word.
Why not?
You're losing control.
just like before.
Not a word.
Why not?
You're trying to
play God
Not a word.
Why not?
and the harder
you try to hold on.
Not a word.
Why not?
the faster
it's going to fall apart.
Not a word.
Why not?
Just like before!
Shut up.
Not a word.
Why not?
[DOOR OPENS AND CLOSES]
Not a word.
Why not?
[♪♪♪]
He's graduating
early after all.
Thank you. Dr. Hail.
As you know.
we've had a tragedy.
Danny Randall
was fighting his own demons
As you know.
we've had a tragedy.
and today they won.
As you know.
we've had a tragedy.
I feel the same pain
losing Danny
As you know.
we've had a tragedy.
as I would
losing my own son.
As you know.
we've had a tragedy.
I devoted my whole life
to prove
As you know.
we've had a tragedy.
that if we work together.
we can reach a common good.
As you know.
we've had a tragedy.
And there's not one person
in this room
As you know.
we've had a tragedy.
who could
honestly say
As you know.
we've had a tragedy.
that I haven't given
my heart and soul
As you know.
we've had a tragedy.
to each and every one
of you.
As you know.
we've had a tragedy.
This is bullshit!
As you know.
we've had a tragedy.
I want you all to know that
here at Camp Serenity.
As you know.
we've had a tragedy.
justice works
for everybody.
As you know.
we've had a tragedy.
It's equal for all.
As you know.
we've had a tragedy.
It's time for Logan
to atone for his sins.
[ALL CLAMORING]
It's time for Logan
to atone for his sins.
Atone for my sins...
In front of all these
spoiled little brats?
All right.
In front of all these
spoiled little brats?
Let's go.
Say it. Logan!
You killed Danny.
Fucking say it!
Say it. Logan!
You killed Danny.
Danny?
When he was drowning?
Say it. Logan!
You killed Danny.
That little guy had to dig down
deep to find the will to live.
Say it. Logan!
You killed Danny.
Unfortunately.
you know what he found?
Say it. Logan!
You killed Danny.
Nothing.
What are you
all afraid of?
Hmm?
What are you afraid of?
TRINA:
How many other girls
did you promise
Hmm?
What are you afraid of?
a yellow shirt to. Logan?
Hmm?
What are you afraid of?
[ALL CLAMORING]
Hmm?
What are you afraid of?
What's that. Trina?
How many other girls
did you promise
What's that. Trina?
a yellow shirt to.
Logan?
What's that. Trina?
Yeah. How many?
How many. huh?
What's that. Trina?
Tell us.
How many. huh?
What's that. Trina?
How many?
You were willing to do anything
for that yellow shirt.
What's that. Trina?
We made a deal.
It's really simple.
What's that. Trina?
A deal?
Yeah.
What's that. Trina?
Really?
Yeah.
What's that. Trina?
Was rape a part of that deal?
I gave that slut what--
What's that. Trina?
She's a fucking child!
You raped her.
What's that. Trina?
And then you killed Danny.
Argh!
She's a kid! Look at her!
What's that. Trina?
[ALL YELLING]
Stop it! Stop!
If we do this. we belong here!
You belong here because your
parents have given up on you.
Stop it! Stop!
If we do this. we belong here!
You realize
that our parents pay him
Stop it! Stop!
If we do this. we belong here!
to take responsibility
for us?
Stop it! Stop!
If we do this. we belong here!
I don't mind.
Take a look around you.
Stop it! Stop!
If we do this. we belong here!
You come here broken
and I put you back together.
Stop it! Stop!
If we do this. we belong here!
And I've saved
thousands of children!
Stop it! Stop!
If we do this. we belong here!
Yeah?
Yes.
Stop it! Stop!
If we do this. we belong here!
What about the girl who died
in your camp in New Mexico?
Stop it! Stop!
If we do this. we belong here!
Yeah.
And God knows how many more.
Stop it! Stop!
If we do this. we belong here!
Is that why we're on an island
halfway across the world
with less rights than
prisoners on Death Row?
Is that why we're on an island
halfway across the world
Who says we need to be torn
down. tortured. humiliated.
Is that why we're on an island
halfway across the world
in order to find the greater
good within ourselves. huh?
Is that why we're on an island
halfway across the world
Who decided that makes us
better people?
Is that why we're on an island
halfway across the world
Who?
Yeah!
Is that why we're on an island
halfway across the world
Who?
Is that why we're on an island
halfway across the world
Shut up!
That's enough. Ben.
Is that why we're on an island
halfway across the world
Yeah. you're right.
That is enough.
Is that why we're on an island
halfway across the world
This system does not work.
It never has.
Is that why we're on an island
halfway across the world
It never will.
Is that why we're on an island
halfway across the world
If we don't stop it.
right now. tonight.
Is that why we're on an island
halfway across the world
then Danny
will have died for nothing!
Is that why we're on an island
halfway across the world
[THUDDING]
Is that why we're on an island
halfway across the world
We can't let that happen!
Is that why we're on an island
halfway across the world
[ALL YELLING AND CHATTERING]
Is that why we're on an island
halfway across the world
ALL:
Come on! Come on!
Grab those.
Come on!
[YELLING
AND CHATTERING CONTINUES]
HAIL:
We've got to call
for help.
They're completely
out of control.
HAIL:
We've got to call
for help.
What have you done.
Arthur?
I'm not going to let them
destroy my camp.
What have you done.
Arthur?
[GRUNTING]
Let's go.
We gotta stop this.
HAIL:
Ben. do you realize that
by your actions here tonight.
you've completely justified
my method?
HAIL:
Ben. do you realize that
by your actions here tonight.
Frightened parents will always
need to find a way to deal
HAIL:
Ben. do you realize that
by your actions here tonight.
with out of control kids
like you.
HAIL:
Ben. do you realize that
by your actions here tonight.
What are you going
to do now? Shoot us?
HAIL:
Ben. do you realize that
by your actions here tonight.
Perverted piece of shit!
Jack. no!
[GRUNTS]
Perverted piece of shit!
Jack. no!
[♪♪♪]
Perverted piece of shit!
Jack. no!
SOPHIE: Ben!
Aah!
[CLATTERING]
One way or another.
this had to end. Arthur.
[WHIMPERING]
One way or another.
this had to end. Arthur.
BEN:
We'll see what the authorities
have to say.
You know how it goes.
Dr. Hail. Full circle.
That's it.
[♪♪♪]
[ALL CHEERING
AND CHATTERING]
[SENSORS BEEPING]
[ALL CHEERING
AND CHATTERING]
[ALARM WAILING]
[♪♪♪]
[BEEPING]
♪ The things we laid do not
Amount to much ♪
♪ Made of abandoned wood
Loose stones and such ♪
♪ This revolution. baby ♪
♪ Made of abandoned wood
Loose stones and such ♪
♪ Proves who you work
For lately ♪
♪ Made of abandoned wood
Loose stones and such ♪
♪ Release the castaways
Who run amok ♪
♪ Made of abandoned wood
Loose stones and such ♪
♪ From self-appointed winds
Which blow and such ♪
♪ When present tense gets
Strangled in the mire ♪
♪ Made of our cozy
Decomposing wires ♪
♪ Who do you work for. baby? ♪
♪ Made of our cozy
Decomposing wires ♪
♪ And does it work
For you lately? ♪
♪ Made of our cozy
Decomposing wires ♪
♪ But when the night is over
And the walls start burning ♪
♪ Made of our cozy
Decomposing wires ♪
♪ When fire starts to matter ♪
♪ And the clock's
Still churning ♪
♪ When fire starts to matter ♪
♪ Clichés and other chatter
Keep our minds from learning ♪
♪ Our minds keep learning ♪
♪ Clichés and other chatter
Keep our minds from learning ♪
♪ It's all right
It's all right ♪
♪ Clichés and other chatter
Keep our minds from learning ♪
♪ The things we laid do not
Amount to much ♪
♪ Made up of thought balloons
And cotton swabs ♪
♪ When present tense gets
Strangled in the woes ♪
♪ Made up of future
Foe scenarios ♪
♪ This revolution. baby ♪
♪ Made up of future
Foe scenarios ♪
♪ Proves who you work
For maybe ♪
♪ Made up of future
Foe scenarios ♪
♪ Who do you work for. baby? ♪
♪ Made up of future
Foe scenarios ♪
♪ And does it work
For you lately? ♪
♪ Made up of future
Foe scenarios ♪
♪ But when the night is over
And the walls start linking ♪
♪ Made up of future
Foe scenarios ♪
♪ When fire starts to matter
And the clock's still sinking ♪
♪ Clichés and other chatter
Keeps our minds from thinking ♪
♪ Our minds keep thinking ♪
♪ Clichés and other chatter
Keeps our minds from thinking ♪
♪ It's all right ♪
♪ Clichés and other chatter
Keeps our minds from thinking ♪
♪ It's all right ♪
♪ That's when it turned on me ♪
♪ A motorcade of
'Meant to be's' ♪
♪ It's all right ♪
♪ Parades of beauty queens ♪
♪ Where soft entwines
Make kindling ♪
♪ It's all right ♪